Glee

Glee is an experimental project and is meant for a very niché audience (hackers mostly). So, it is very possible, that at first you find it hard to conceive the utility of Glee.

=== Installation

Right now, Glee is available as a Greasmonkey script for Firefox and a Chrome extension. 

To install the Greasemonkey script, you'll need to have Greasemonkey installed in Firefox. Download the repository as a zip/tar and drag "UserScript/glee.user.js" to Firefox and Greasemonkey should ask for your permission to install it. 

To install as a Chrome extension, you'll need to have the dev build of Google Chrome installed. Download the repository as zip/tar and drag "Chrome/glee_chrome.crx" to Chrome to install it.

=== Usage

General Keys:

g - Launch Glee (If you're focussed on an input field, press Alt+g (Option + g on Mac)) Glee currently doesn't work when on gmail, google reader, google docs, and of course, google wave. 

TAB Key - Move to the next selected element

Shift+TAB - Move to the previous selected element

ENTER - Launch a link or execute a command

Shift+ENTER - Open a link in a new tab

ESC - Quit Glee when it is focussed. In case it isn't, press 'g' to quit Glee

Default behavior:

When you enter any text, Glee will search for links on the current page whose text matches your query. If it finds any links, it will highlight them and you can scroll through them by pressing the TAB key. You can open a particular link by pressing ENTER. 

In case Glee doesn't find any links, when you press ENTER, it will either search the text on Google or will directly go to a URL if you entered a URL like twitter.com.

Scraping Commands:

?h - Navigate through all the main headings (h1,h2 & h3 only) on the current page. 
?img - Navigate through all the linked images on the page
?? - Navigate through all the input fields on the page. Press enter to focus on the current field.
?p - Navigate through all the paragraphs on the page
?a - Navigate through all the links on the page

Page commands:

These let you do things to the page. We're thinking of making this a pluggable and domain specific thing. In the meanwhile, here are a few examples:

!read - Transform the page for a better reading experience using Readability
!shorten - Shorten the URL of the current page 
!tweet - Redirect to twitter with the URL of the current page in the text field

YubNub Commands:

:command <params> - Here command is a yubnub command. List of yubnub commands is available at yubnub.org. While using this command, $ can be used to point to represent the URL of the current page. A few examples are:

:fbshare $ - Share the current page as link on Facebook
:wp cricket - Search wikipedia for cricket
:tube elvis - Search YouTube for elvis
:site2pdf $ - Get a PDF for the current page.

jQuery mode:

*selector (And then press ENTER) - Here selector is a jQuery selector. This will navigate across all elements that match the jQuery selector specified. Examples:
*a - All links
*h3,h4,h5 - h3,h4 and h5 headers
*textarea - textareas on the page.
